Added Testing for HTTP Method Overriding (#447)
OWASP/wstg: document/4-Web_Application_Security_Testing/02-Configuration_and_Deployment_Management_Testing/06-Test_HTTP_Methods.md

With some luck, using the above three commands - modified to suit the application under test and testing requirements - a new user would be created, a password assigned, and made an administrator, all using blind request submission.

### Testing for HTTP Method Overriding

> Some web frameworks provide a way to override the actual HTTP method in the request  by emulating the missing HTTP verbs passing some custom header in the requests. The main purpose of this is to circumvent some middleware (e.g. proxy, firewalls) limitation where methods allowed usually do not encompass verbs such as PUT or DELETE for instance. The following alternative headers could be used to do verb tunneling:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some web frameworks provide a way to override the actual HTTP method in the request by emulating the missing HTTP verbs passing some custom header in the requests. The main purpose of this is to circumvent some middleware (e.g. proxy, firewall) limitation where methods allowed usually do not encompass verbs such as `PUT` or `DELETE`. The following alternative headers could be used to do such verb tunneling:
```

> - X-HTTP-Method
> - X-HTTP-Method-Override
> - X-Method-Override

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `X-HTTP-Method`
- `X-HTTP-Method-Override`
- `X-Method-Override`
```

> In order to test this, in the scenarios where restrictive verbs such as PUT or DELETE returns a “405 Method not allowed” replay the same request with the addition of the alternative headers for HTTP method overriding and observe how the web server will respond. The webserver should respond with a different status code (e.g. 200) in case method overriding is supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to test this, in the scenarios where restrictive verbs such as PUT or DELETE return a “405 Method not allowed”, replay the same request with the addition of the alternative headers for HTTP method overriding, and observe how the system will respond. The application should respond with a different status code (e.g. 200) in cases where method overriding is supported:
```

```bash
$ nc www.example.com 80
DELETE /resource.html HTTP/1.1
Host: www.example.com

HTTP/1.1 405 Method Not Allowed
Date: Sat, 04 Apr 2020 18:26:53 GMT
Server: Apache
Allow: GET,HEAD,POST,OPTIONS
Content-Length: 320
Content-Type: text/html; charset=iso-8859-1
Vary: Accept-Encoding

$ nc www.example.com 80
DELETE /resource.html HTTP/1.1
Host: www.example.com
X-HTTP-Method: DELETE

HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Date: Sat, 04 Apr 2020 19:26:01 GMT
Server: Apache

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
